marketplace/proxy/README.md, before:

# OnlineMarketplace Proxy - Coordinator Service

## How to compile the project

First make sure the dependencies are installed in your file system. This can be accomplished via running the following command in the root folder:

```
clean install -DskipTests=true
```

The command will generate the dependencies required to compile the <i>Proxy</i>. Then you can just run the following command:
```
clean package -DskipTests=true
```

And then run the project with the command as follows:
```
java --enable-preview --add-exports java.base/jdk.internal.misc=ALL-UNNAMED --add-opens java.base/jdk.internal.util=ALL-UNNAMED -jar proxy-1.0-SNAPSHOT-jar-with-dependencies.jar
```

## Prerequisites

Make sure all the microservices involved in the defined transactional DAGs are up and running before spawning the <i>Proxy</i>

In particular, the <i>Product Management</i> guide requires that at least the <i>Product</i> microservice is deployed and the associated DAGs that involve <i>Product</i> do not involve any other microservice that is not running at the moment.

## Playing with the APIs

### <a name="product"></a>Product Management

#### Adding a product 
Let's start adding a <b>product</b> to the <i>Product</i> microservice
```
curl -X POST -H "Content-Type: application/json" -d '{"seller_id": "1", "product_id": "1", "name" : "productTest", "sku" : "skuTest", "category" : "categoryTest", "status" : "approved", "description": "descriptionTest", "price" : 10, "freight_value" : 0, "version": "1"}' localhost:8001/product
```

Let's send a GET request to verify whether the function have successfully stored the state
```
curl -X GET localhost:8001/product/1/1
```

If everything worked, you should see the following output:

```
{"seller_id":"1", "product_id":"1", "name":"productTest", "sku":"skuTest", "category":"categoryTest", "description":"descriptionTest", "price":"10.0", "freight_value":"0.0", "status":"approved", "version":"1"}
```

#### Modifying a product

There are two ways we can update a <b>product</b>: updating its price or overwriting it.

To submit a <b>price update</b>, a user must send the following request:
```
curl -X PATCH -H "Content-Type: application/json" -d '{ "sellerId" : 1, "productId" : 1, "price" : 100, "instanceId" : "1" }' localhost:8090/product/1/1
```

After an epoch completion, by querying the product again, we will be able to see the updated price, like below:

```
{product_id=1, seller_id=1, name='productTest', sku='sku', category='categoryTest', description='descriptionTest', price=100.0, freight_value=0.0, status='approved', version='0', createdAt=2023-10-25T14:45:22.388, updatedAt=2023-10-25T14:45:40.637}
```

To substitute the product and trigger referential integrity enforcement in stock, we use another HTTP method and content:

```
curl -X PUT -H "Content-Type: application/json" -d '{"seller_id": "1", "product_id": "1", "name" : "productTest", "sku" : "skuTest", "category" : "categoryTest", "status" : "approved", "description": "descriptionTest", "price" : 10, "freight_value" : 0, "version": "2"}' localhost:8090/product/1/1
```

Commit message:

preventing transaction scheduler to hang forever + fix vms event consumption + update develivery payload + price update script + checkout and update delivery script + remove modb-service + set max priority to scheduler and event handler + add vms thread pool size + aggregate send event in leader worker to avoid additional blocking queue

marketplace/proxy/README.md, after:

# OnlineMarketplace Proxy - Coordinator Service

order not progressing… usually stops processing at tid 692
-> probably some problem with scheduling/sending delivery
-> test checkout solo
PROBLEM is probably order is producer and consumer of shipment if both checkout and shipment are active!


json exception in dependence map (maybe linked to below)

precedence size is getting bigger than any possible packet… how is cart even streaming that?
problem is another: the message is not being processed correctly

another problem is unknown message type on recursion
but i think this is happening in the last recursion? not sure
even though the last event is delivered to order, the stock still has more than 400 recursions to finish...

## How to compile the project

First make sure the dependencies are installed in your file system. This can be accomplished via running the following command in the root folder:

```
clean install -DskipTests=true
```

The command will generate the dependencies required to compile the <i>Proxy</i>. Then you can just run the following command:
```
clean package -DskipTests=true
```

And then run the project with the command as follows:
```
java --enable-preview --add-exports java.base/jdk.internal.misc=ALL-UNNAMED --add-opens java.base/jdk.internal.util=ALL-UNNAMED -jar proxy-1.0-SNAPSHOT-jar-with-dependencies.jar
```

## Prerequisites

Make sure all the microservices involved in the defined transactional DAGs are up and running before spawning the <i>Proxy</i>

In particular, the <i>Product Management</i> guide requires that at least the <i>Product</i> microservice is deployed and the associated DAGs that involve <i>Product</i> do not involve any other microservice that is not running at the moment.

## Playing with the APIs

### <a name="product"></a>Product Management

#### Adding a product 
Let's start adding a <b>product</b> to the <i>Product</i> microservice
```
curl -X POST -H "Content-Type: application/json" -d '{"seller_id": "1", "product_id": "1", "name" : "productTest", "sku" : "skuTest", "category" : "categoryTest", "status" : "approved", "description": "descriptionTest", "price" : 10, "freight_value" : 0, "version": "1"}' localhost:8001/product
```

Let's send a GET request to verify whether the function have successfully stored the state
```
curl -X GET localhost:8001/product/1/1
```

If everything worked, you should see the following output:

```
{"seller_id":"1", "product_id":"1", "name":"productTest", "sku":"skuTest", "category":"categoryTest", "description":"descriptionTest", "price":"10.0", "freight_value":"0.0", "status":"approved", "version":"1"}
```

#### Modifying a product

There are two ways we can update a <b>product</b>: updating its price or overwriting it.

To submit a <b>price update</b>, a user must send the following request:
```
curl -X PATCH -H "Content-Type: application/json" -d '{ "sellerId" : 1, "productId" : 1, "price" : 100, "instanceId" : "1" }' localhost:8090/product/1/1
```

After an epoch completion, by querying the product again, we will be able to see the updated price, like below:

```
{product_id=1, seller_id=1, name='productTest', sku='sku', category='categoryTest', description='descriptionTest', price=100.0, freight_value=0.0, status='approved', version='0', createdAt=2023-10-25T14:45:22.388, updatedAt=2023-10-25T14:45:40.637}
```

To substitute the product and trigger referential integrity enforcement in stock, we use another HTTP method and content:

```
curl -X PUT -H "Content-Type: application/json" -d '{"seller_id": "1", "product_id": "1", "name" : "productTest", "sku" : "skuTest", "category" : "categoryTest", "status" : "approved", "description": "descriptionTest", "price" : 10, "freight_value" : 0, "version": "2"}' localhost:8090/product/1/1
```
